Updates for the May TFE release (#642)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions.mdx

Allows members to create, update, and delete teams.

This permission grants the ability to update a team's names and SSO IDs, but does not allow access to organization settings. On its own, this permission does not allow users to create, update, delete, or otherwise access secret teams.

The manage teams permission confers all permissions granted by the manage membership permission.

> We designed this permission to allow owners of large organizations to delegate team management to another trusted team, and you should only grant it to teams of trusted users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This permission allows owners of large organizations to delegate team management to another trusted team. You should only grant it to teams of trusted users.
```
Seems weird to refer to ourselves in this context

~> **Assign with caution**: Users with this permission can update or delete any visible team. Because this permission also confers the manage membership permission, a user with the manage teams permission can add themselves to any visible team.

#### Manage Organization Access

Allows members to update a team's organization access settings.

On its own, this permission does not allow users to create, update, delete, or otherwise access secret teams. This permission confers all of the permissions granted by the manage teams and manage membership permissions.

> We designed this permission to allow owners of large organizations to delegate team management to another trusted team, and you should only grant it to teams of trusted users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This permission allows owners of large organizations to delegate team management to another trusted team. You should only grant it to teams of trusted users. 
```
For consistency
